# Oh-My-Mindmap
Mindmap, but not only mindmap.

# Feature

You can find any basic mindmap feature in this plugin.

- `Tab` create child node and zoom to
- `Enter` create sibling node and zoom to
- `Shift + Enter` create sibling before and zoom to
- `F` activate selection node and start editing
- `Esc` blur selection node and start navigating
- `opt + ↑↓←→` move around nodes with smart intention

# Advanced

First of all, we declare three modes in Oh-My-Mindmap:

- View - No nodes are selected
- Navigation - One or more nodes are selected, you can do some operation
- Edit - One node is selected, and you can find cursor inside node

Another TODO feature

- [ ] `cmd + F` find node by keyword and zoom to

Woah!

- [ ] Import file like lark, XMind, and so on

Woah!

- [ ] Export obsidian mindmap to specified file format

Woah!

- [ ] `cmd + opt + L` Organize your graph in a neat manner

Woah!

- [ ] Auto layout avoid collapse

Woah!

- [ ] `opt + ↑↓←→` will move to next node out of the viewport if you confirm

Woah!

# Change Log

- 07/06/2023 Debounce is support when nodes are created
- 07/05/2023 Fix the first time you enter the editor canvas instance may be undefined 
- 07/04/2023 Fix keyboard F fail to focus the nearest central node in viewport
- 07/04/2023 Fix node generated by Tab shortcut position error


# Donate

handsome people: May I offer you a cup of coffee?

Me: No, Thanks.
I prefer goji berries in a thermos.
But you can give the repo a star which will keep me up all afternoons, too : ) 
